Hello.
To install CaseTrace, go to
casetrace.dk. Press download.
It downloads the program.
I have already downloaded it.
Then you install in
the language you want.
Press next.
Install it.
I'm canceling here
because I already have it.
Then you open the program CaseTrace.
Then I will show how it works.
There are activities that log
everything you do on your computer.
Then you have folder time,
which is probably interesting.
Here you can go in and add a folder.
I add show.
So when I have added a show, I
can, for example, give it a budget.
I can call that case number 1.
And then say there are 10
hours and an hourly rate of 750.
Now this entire folder
has a budget of DKK 7,500.
and we have 10 hours.
Then I will try to open the folder.
In here in the folder.
I have two folders there.
This one is empty.
There is a file here.
A text file.
We are trying to open the text file.
It's just to test.
As soon as I open it.
Then you can see the
program here starts to log.
It's open right now and
it's counting seconds.
When it counts up enough, it shows
how much money you have spent
out of the 7500 and how much time
you have spent out of the 10 hours.
And it also gives you notifications.
I have already made two folders here.
As I have added below.
You can remove them again.
There is one called test.
Where I have some different
folders with subfolders.
It even finds the subfolders
every time you open a document.
Here you can see that I
have customer number 10.
Case X.
And there I have used 19%.
And here is a folder with 19%.
So you can also put a budget on
the subfolders if that's what you want.
In addition, we still have a program that
logs all files you open on your computer.
How many times each file has been opened.
And for what period of time.
And you can go in and
look in the dashboard.
How many hours you spent in your day.
Then you can go into settings.
Sorry, help.
In here you can make a database backup.
You can see when it
needs to make a backup.
In which days or hours and minutes.
How many backups there should be.
And then they are down here.
So you always have a backup.
You can store the backup
on OneDrive if you want.
Or locally on your computer.
Last but not least.
Then we have billable hours per day.
Here we can go in.
So we'll just start today.
Then we can print here as a PDF.
Then it pops up here.
Then we can see that these are
the hours we saw inside folder time.
Here are the hours used.
They are then inside the document.
We also have up here, you
can see we have 3 folders.
And 3 files have been selected in total.
And we have spent 10
minutes and 9 seconds in total.
If you enter the menu.
And press settings.
And then press show today's overview.
So every morning when
the computer turns on.
Then what you have spent the most
time in folder time comes up here.
And in activities what
you spent the most time on.
It's just a little quick
informational info.
And then we have the new one over here.
It's called unallocated time.
It is simply the time
you spend on files.
Which is not in folder time.
It could be some other things.
It could be anything.
Then you can simply go in and assign.
If you have done
something special.
But it is not during the folder time.
Then you can assign it.
What case it should be under.
Or what subfolder
if it's not in there.
And then press OK.
So we'll see here.
Then it fell under here.
And then the seconds also fell in there.
Thank you for watching.